feat: add SHOW_CONFIG docs (#2302)
babel/website: docs/configuration.md

```

Check out the [babel-core documentation](core.md) to see more configuration options.

## Print effective configs

You can tell Babel to print effective configs on a given input path
```sh
# *nix or WSL
BABEL_SHOW_CONFIG_FOR=./src/myComponent.jsx npm start
```

```powershell

> $env:BABEL_SHOW_CONFIG_FOR=.\src\myComponent.jsx; npm start

Author: ```suggestion
$env:BABEL_SHOW_CONFIG_FOR = ".\src\myComponent.jsx"; npm start
```

```

> `BABEL_SHOW_CONFIG_FOR` accepts absolute and relative _file_ path. If it is a relative path, it will be resolved from [`cwd`](options.md#cwd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BABEL_SHOW_CONFIG_FOR` accepts both absolute and relative _file_ paths. If it is a relative path, it will be resolved from [`cwd`](options.md#cwd).
```

> Once Babel processes the input file specified by `BABEL_SHOW_CONFIG_FOR`, Babel will print effective configs to console. Here is an example output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Babel processes the input file specified by `BABEL_SHOW_CONFIG_FOR`, Babel will print effective configs to the console. Here is an example output:
```

```
Babel configs on "/path/to/cwd/src/index.js" (ascending priority):
config /path/to/cwd/babel.config.json
{
  "sourceType": "script",
  "plugins": [
    "@foo/babel-plugin-1
  ],
  "extends": "./my-extended.js"
}

config /path/to/cwd/babel.config.json .env["test"]
{
  "plugins": [
    [
      "@foo/babel-plugin-3",
      {
        "noDocumentAll": true
      },
    ]
  ]
}

config /path/to/cwd/babel.config.json .overrides[0]
{
  "test": "src/index.js",
  "sourceMaps": true
}

config /path/to/cwd/.babelrc
{}

programmatic options from @babel/cli
{
  "sourceFileName": "./src/index.js",
  "presets": [
    "@babel/preset-env"
  ],
  "configFile": "./my-config.js",
  "caller": {
    "name": "@babel/cli"
  },
  "filename": "./src/index.js"
}
```

> Babel will print multiple effective config sources in the order of ascending priority. In the example above, the priority is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Babel will print effective config sources ordered by ascending priority. Using the example above, the priority is:
```

```
babel.config.json < .babelrc < programmatic options from @babel/cli
```
In other words, `babel.config.json` is overwritten by `.babelrc`, and `.babelrc` is overwritten by programmatic options.

> In each config sources, Babel prints applicable config items (e.g. [`overrides`](options.md#overrides) and [`.env`](options.md#env)) in the order of ascending priority. Generally each config sources has at least one config item -- the root content of configs. If you have configured `overrides` or `env`, Babel will not print them in the root, but instead it will output a separate config item titled as `.overrides[index]`, where `index` is the position of the item. So you can learn whether the overrides config is effective on the input and which configs this item will override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each config source, Babel prints applicable config items (e.g. [`overrides`](options.md#overrides) and [`.env`](options.md#env)) in the order of ascending priority. Generally each config sources has at least one config item -- the root content of configs. If you have configured `overrides` or `env`, Babel will not print them in the root, but will instead output a separate config item titled as `.overrides[index]`, where `index` is the position of the item. This helps determine whether the item is effective on the input and which configs it will override.
```
